Add Iteration Layer (#13)
OneOffTech/awesome-pdf: README.md

- [PyMuPDF4LLM](https://pymupdf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pymupdf4llm/) - Aimed to make it easier to extract PDF content in the format you need for LLM & RAG environments. It supports Markdown extraction as well as LlamaIndex document output.
- [CatchTheTornado/pdf-extract-api](https://github.com/CatchTheTornado/pdf-extract-api) - Document (PDF) extraction and parse API using state of the art modern OCRs + Ollama supported models. Anonymize documents. Remove PII. Convert any document or picture to structured JSON or Markdown.
- [climatepolicyradar/navigator-document-parser](https://github.com/climatepolicyradar/navigator-document-parser) - Parsing PDFs and websites containing laws and policies.

> - [Iteration Layer](https://iterationlayer.com) - Document extraction API that extracts structured data from PDFs, images, DOCX, and text files using AI.

Reviewer: I'd like to propose a change in the description to differentiate from the others

```suggestion
- [Iteration Layer](https://iterationlayer.com) - An AI-powered API that extracts structured data from PDFs, images, DOCX, and text files.
```
